Fix todos in docs. (#1192)
osohq/oso: docs/content/any/getting-started/application/model/index.md

Authorization controls access to *resources* in your application. In
this guide, we're going to show how to implement the most common

> authorization model, role-based access control, with Oso. See [How to
> guides](/guides) to see how to implement other authorization models in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
authorization model, role-based access control, with Oso. See the [
guides](/guides) section for how to implement other authorization models with
```
